You are back.
Don't go ok
I'm not leaving, don't get excited
The toxins in your body have not been completely excreted
Who poisoned me?
Lin Xiaoxiao is right
It's my baron
This is the world
Only I can save you
You vicious woman
Except for the antidote you mentioned earlier
You must have other antidotes
Yes, I can give it to you.
I have one condition.
What kind of condition?
Fix my legs.
I'll give you the antidote
Your leg is fine.
Now you can take out the scissors.
One condition is not enough.
Don't push your luck.
The years let him go
Don't need his antidote
The Muse you went to the army
Be with me
But this poison
It is the latest poison developed abroad
A good doctor is not a god
This poison is only for you
Fate is hard
As long as you marry me